[10.7] Add doc for Health Check and Known Proxies (#421)
jellyfin/jellyfin-docs: general/networking/index.md

Live TV devices will often use a random UDP port for HDHomeRun devices. The server will select an unused port on startup to connect to these tuner devices.

### Health Check Endpoint

> Jellyfin exposes the `/health` endpoint designated for checking the status of the underlying service.  Currently this will verify http and database connectivity and return a `200 OK` response if successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jellyfin exposes the `/health` endpoint designated for checking the status of the underlying service. Currently this will verify HTTP and database connectivity and return a `200 OK` response if successful.
```

Live TV devices will often use a random UDP port for HDHomeRun devices. The server will select an unused port on startup to connect to these tuner devices.

### Health Check Endpoint

Jellyfin exposes the `/health` endpoint designated for checking the status of the underlying service.  Currently this will verify http and database connectivity and return a `200 OK` response if successful.

```sh
curl http://myserver:8096/health
or

> curl https://jellyfin.example.com/health

Reviewer: One example seems like enough.

Author: removed in 99e997d

Ports 80 and 443 (pointing to the proxy server) need to be opened on your router and firewall.

### Known Proxies

> Add the IP address of your reverse proxy to the `Known Proxies` (under Admin Dashboard -> Networking).  This is a comma separated list of IP addresses of known proxies used when connecting to your Jellyfin instance and is required to make proper use of X-Forwarded-For headers. Requires a reboot after saving.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add the IP address of your reverse proxy to the `Known Proxies` (under Admin Dashboard -> Networking).  This is a comma separated list of IP addresses of known proxies used when connecting to your Jellyfin instance and is required to make proper use of X-Forwarded-For headers. Requires a server restart after saving.
```
